Use generic type for vnode props in renderToReadableStream/renderToPipeableStream (#409)
preactjs/preact-render-to-string: .changeset/little-rocks-doubt.md

---
'preact-render-to-string': patch
---

> Fix types for `/stream` and `/stream-node` exports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the renderToStram types of `/stream` and `/stream-node` accept a generic for the props of the passed in VNode
```
